John's proposed plant costs are consistent with what we have seen for our 
ongoing LM6000 development.   I have priced 130 MW at Four Corners  assuming 
Permian gas plus 50 cents for transport.  This also assumes $4.70 per MWh for 
O&M and an 8000 heat rate.

For an hourly 7x24 product, the intrinsic value of the gas-power swap is 
$52.5 million on a 20 year deal, well below the $108 million estimate of 
constructing the facility.  A ten year swap is worth only $42 million (NPV = 
-66 m ).  That implies a market mid-price of $34 per MWh levelized over the 
period.  

Using the ENA Power and Gas structuring model and curves, we can determine 
the following:
1.  New build gas turbines cannot compete against the New Mexico market on 
price.  
2.  LM6000 CCGT efficiency gain does not pay for HRSG and ST over a ten year 
period.

However:
1.  Transmission constraints could create market value in Albuquerque that 
does not exist at Four Corners.
2.  ENA's power prices typically undersell the market.
3.  Commodity pricing does not accurately value capacity or reliability in 
constrained markets.

If Enron wants to do a deal in Albuquerque, we should be selling capacity and 
reliability.  Given the number of power- critical industries in the area, we 
could look at siting several remote units at different locations in the 
city.  Numerous chip manufacturing facilities and the Kirtland base could 
support several LM6000's for power reliability that is specific to their 
installations.  

I might also suggest that peaking units would have advantages over CCGT 
units.  Existing generation already provides ample baseload supply, however, 
the production of peak and intermediate energy is not necessarily well suited 
to existing units.  LM6000's have exceptionally good ramp rates that provide 
real value to a utility customer.  Not only can the HRSG/ST hinder the 
flexibility of the units, it can add substantial capital and operating 
expense with little real market benefit.  

We should also explore the ability to schedule load.  If the DOE wants to 
peak for a test, would it be willing or able to schedule a test for the 
off-peak hours?  Under those circumstances, we might be able to cut them a 
break on power and provide reliability of supply.  

#sig#Steve Thome
#sig#
#sig#503-464-3708