
Jeff,  FYI here is the game plan for EOGIL and the sale to BG.  
1) It appears that we have the fundamental support of the creditor committee to sign the BG deal for India. (See Tim's note below)
2) I spoke to Ray by telephone(on his way to the airport) regarding the questions Lilly Chu had outlined when she spoke to Tim Detmering.
3) To paraphrase Ray's comments to my note below, a) he is working with the creditors' committee on the D&O issues and both the committee and Ray want to put a broader program in place to handle our concerns for the asset sales and the on-going business.  At this point we are in good faith proceeding with the sale with the assumption that this will be sorted out before we sign the deal in mid-February.  b) the deal compensation should sort itself out as the appropriate people review the information they have been given over the weekend and today.  As a non-debtor we plan to honor the agreements, but we will supply Lilly et al with the information they need to understand the deal in place. 
4) With these understandings we are proceeding forward to sign the documents with BG and file a motion with the court.
4) Brian Rosen is drafting the motion for the court and he will circulate it tomorrow for comments and expect to file it ASAP.  The hearing date will be in mid-February.
5) Tim is in discussions with BG and the only outstanding issue is the escrow "form of agreement".  This will be either resolved this evening or put to the side until closing since it is not needed for signing.  However, BG is making noise that they would like to finalize it if possible before signing this evening. 
6) THEREFORE ASSUMING THE STARS ALIGN and WE SIGN THE DEAL TONIGHT, BG WILL BE ISSUING A PRESS RELEASE TOMORROW.  A COPY IS ATTACHED.  WE HAVE SENT IT THROUGH PR (John Ambler & Johan Zaayman) and the working group and now the two of you.  Do we need to send it elsewhere?   

We'll circulate a short note if and when we execute the documents.

If you have any questions or comments please contact Tim, Stephen or I.

#sig#jeff

